Update README with developer contribution guidelines (#84)
MeteoSwiss/opendata-nwp-demos: README.md

## 💬 Feedbacks
Feel free to open issues to suggest improvements or contribute new examples!

## 🧑‍💻 Developers

When making a change:

1. Work on the notebook in `developer_notebooks/`.
2. Commit the developer notebook **without outputs**. This keeps PR review manageable.
3. Once the developer notebook has been reviewed, run it and save the corresponding notebook **with outputs** at the top level of the repository. This is the version users will look at.
4. If dependencies or the virtual environment changed, rebuild the [RenkuLab image](https://renkulab.io/p/meteoswiss/opendata-nwp-demos).

> To rebuild the image, you need access to the Renku project. Each developer can create a Renku account using their MeteoSwiss address and then ask Daniele Nerini to be added to our project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To rebuild the image, you need access to the Renku project. Each developer can create a Renku account using their MeteoSwiss address and then ask @dnerini to be added to our project.
```
I would rather link a confluence page, since the responsible person might change. However, I didn't find a useful one, maybe you could ask @dnerini ? Also don't you think a github name is better? If not, I am also happy as it is now.

Author: I removed the name and added `ask the project maintainer`  with a link to this [Renku documentation](https://meteoswiss.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/MLOpsMCH/pages/346298461/Renku).

Here the new formulation:
```
To rebuild the image, you need access to the Renku project. Create a Renku account with your MeteoSwiss address, then ask a project maintainer to add your Renku username to the project.

For more information about Renku at MeteoSwiss, see the [Renku documentation](https://meteoswiss.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/MLOpsMCH/pages/346298461/Renku).
```
Is it better like this @nnellen ?

Reviewer: amazing, thanks. @ninaburg
